{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red246\green246\blue246;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23800\viewh15580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 http://www.vizzingdata.com/tableau-charts-box-and-whisker-plots/\
https://evolytics.com/blog/tableau-201-how-to-make-bullet-graphs/\
\
\
R\
Datacamp\
https://themockup.blog/posts/2020-11-29-bullet-chart-variants-in-r/\
\
\
Python\
https://plotly.com/python/v3/bullet-charts/\
https://realpython.com/python-histograms/\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The scenario:\
Due to recent unfortunate airline crashes, the media has been promoting statistics stating air is no longer a safe way to travel. The news and media outlets have been bombarding the public with reports and figures about the trends of airline safety and that things are not looking good. What was previously thought as the safest way to travel, especially when compared to automobiles, is now being presented as one of the most dangerous to the public. But are any of these claims based on facts?\
You work for an airline on the data science team as a data analyst and are a resident data visualization expert. You have been tasked with helping multiple groups in the organization combat this negative publicity and help tell the airline's side of the story. There is a fear internally about what this type of media coverage will do to airline sales and how it could impact the future of the company. Not only do they need you to help create some internal communications, but you will also be tasked with what is published to the public and the media.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Project Task 1: Dashboard
\f0\b0 \
Your first task is to create an internal dashboard for your peers and data science management team that outlines the facts \'96 what are the stats and what are the trends? Is there any supplemental data that you can use to support that air travel is still in fact the safest? Is there anything politically going on that would cause this type of media attention to be at a peak \'96 remember, this is for an internal review by your peers and management \'96 and will likely spark a lot of discussion for how you approach the next level of discussion with your executive leadership team. Is there anything to show sales are down or are headed that way? Do the safety incidents appear to be in a specific geographic area or by a specific airline every time? Do some analysis of the data you have and look for other sources to see what you can find to help inform your internal team.\
}